Thank you for playing Rohan's Last Stand! Before you begin, here are the rules of the game:

1. Each player starts with 20 health.
2. Each player has a deck of cards, which are drawn from at the start of the game and during the game.
3. Each player has a hand of cards, which are played onto the board.
5. Most cards have 3 attributes - health, attack, and defense.

Attack and defense are used to calculate damage during an Assault, while health is used to determine if a card is destroyed.
Some cards have another attribute - special abilities. These are used to determine how the card interacts with other cards.
Examples include buffing, debuffing, and armor shredding.

4. Each player can play a card from their hand onto the board in an empty position.
5. The players alternate turns before an Assault, playing as many cards as they want before passing their turn, allowing the other to play.
6. After each player has played their cards, an Assault takes place.
    The Assault is a battle between the two players, where each card on the board attacks the opposing card in the same position.
    If there is no opposing card in that position, the card attacks the player's health directly.
7. After an assault, both players shuffle their decks
8. If a card's health reaches 0, it is removed from the board and placed back into the bottom of the deck.
9. The game ends when one player's health reaches 0.


SPECIAL ABILITIES:

Intro:
    Many cards have special abilities that are automatically applied throughout the game. These vary from card to card.
   
   
Special abilities are mainly split into two categories: Play-applied and Assault-applied.

Play-applied:
    These abilities are applied when the card is first played onto the board.
    For example, a card with the ability "Inspire" will buff all other cards on the board when it is played.

Assault Applied:
    These abilities are applied every assault that the card participates in.
    For example, a card with the ability "Armor Pierce" Will ignore the target's defense when attacking.